hey everybody this is that juice kid
today's Friday April 4th I think I don't
think I know it's right there for my
face this is day 74 of my juice fast I
was trying to make an attempt this will
actually be my first official
introduction because the other video I
sent was just me on day 60 what's up yo
not 30 days 60 so now I'm just trying to
actually do the rest of the blog I
should have done since day 1 but you
know stuff work got really busy and I
just got lazy about making a video
editing and all that fun stuff so I
probably won't edit maybe hey what's up
everybody here with another video
anyways
so far feeling great I'm very light my
family's making fun of me because they
say I'm like super skinny and I lost my
booty I guess I was the dominant booty
booty champion of the family so I guess
that's gone and so I get tighter pants
but right now feeling good fill
energetic feel determined cuz this is my
last month and April actually I'll make
it 100 days so there'll be a 100 day
juice fast and April I'll be done and
done with after that I'm gonna try to
just keep to eating clean and no more
dirty games I tried to do it dirty game
and if you don't know what dirty games
is it's like you eat a shitload of
everything and you just gain weight and
lift weights so you're just gonna be fat
pretty much at the end of it now that
January came around and to January
towards the end of January I decided to
do it so it's been a great journey
actually I'll show you videos I try to
attempt to make videos I got lazy
editing them for those who are making
their first juice journey like a 3 day
juice fast or a juice and 1 meal
feel free to contact me I'm very open to
listening to what you guys have to say
I'll be doing my next video on what I
juice how I juice it and what not on
Saturday have you any questions like
again I told you subscribe and comment
and I will get to you right away
for those who are trying to do this
juice
again this is that juice kid and I will
talk to you later
colleague feel free to write below